README.md, before:

# mw-recipes

I got fed up with digging through shitty recipe websites so I decided to make a no-bullshit printer friendly collection.

Also included are several links to external sites provided they are not riddled with ads or behind paywalls.

## Contents

- Appetizers
    - [Meat Slaw](appetizers/meat-slaw.md)

- Baking
    - [Brown Butter & Toffee Chocolate Chip Cookies](baking/brown-butter-toffee-chocolate-chip.md)
    - [Pain du Pandémique](http://whatupinternet.com/en/paindupandemique/)

- BBQ
    - [Sesame Tamari Garlic Dill Salmon](bbq/sesame-tamari-garlic-dill-salmon.md)
    - [Smash Burgers](bbq/smash-burgers.md)

- Breakfast
    - [Puff Pancake](breakfast/puff-pancake.md)

- Casserole
    - [Baked Mac & Cheese](casserole/baked-mac-n-cheese.md)

- Drinks
    - [Habanero Jamaica](http://whatupinternet.com/en/habanerojamaica/)

- Hot Sauce
    - [Hurt-Hurt Fruit](http://whatupinternet.com/en/hurthurtfruit/)

- Japanese
    - [Japanese Curry](japanese/japanese-curry.md)
        - [GF Curry Roux](japanese/gf-curry-roux.md)
    - [Soboro Bowls](japanese/soboro-bowls.md)
    - [Taiyaki](breakfast/taiyaki.md)
    
- Mexican
    - [Chicken Chile Verde](mexican/chicken-chile-verde.md)

- Pasta
    - [Chicken Mascotti](pasta/chicken-mascotti.md)

- Soup
    - [The Soup](soup/the-soup.md)

Commit message:

add broke college sausage penne alfredo

README.md, after:

# mw-recipes

I got fed up with digging through shitty recipe websites so I decided to make a no-bullshit printer friendly collection.

A few of these recipes require an instant pot or some form of pressure cooker but a crock will suffice given enough time.

Also included are several links to external sites provided they are not riddled with ads or behind paywalls.

## Contents

- Appetizers
    - [Meat Slaw](appetizers/meat-slaw.md)

- Baking
    - [Brown Butter & Toffee Chocolate Chip Cookies](baking/brown-butter-toffee-chocolate-chip.md)
    - [Pain du Pandémique](http://whatupinternet.com/en/paindupandemique/)

- BBQ
    - [Sesame Tamari Garlic Dill Salmon](bbq/sesame-tamari-garlic-dill-salmon.md)
    - [Smash Burgers](bbq/smash-burgers.md)

- Breakfast
    - [Puff Pancake](breakfast/puff-pancake.md)

- Casserole
    - [Baked Mac & Cheese](casserole/baked-mac-n-cheese.md)

- Drinks
    - [Habanero Jamaica](http://whatupinternet.com/en/habanerojamaica/)

- Hot Sauce
    - [Hurt-Hurt Fruit](http://whatupinternet.com/en/hurthurtfruit/)

- Japanese
    - [Japanese Curry](japanese/japanese-curry.md)
        - [GF Curry Roux](japanese/gf-curry-roux.md)
    - [Soboro Bowls](japanese/soboro-bowls.md)
    - [Taiyaki](breakfast/taiyaki.md)
    
- Mexican
    - [Chicken Chile Verde](mexican/chicken-chile-verde.md)

- Pasta
    - [Broke College Student Sausage Penne Alfredo](pasta/broke-college-sausage-penne-alfredo.md)
    - [Chicken Mascotti](pasta/chicken-mascotti.md)

- Soup
    - [The Soup](soup/the-soup.md)
